I'm CeCe I'm Christian I'm amber and we
are I love it d so in general we are
here to basically blog or talk about
certain subjects interview people
usually interviews stay tuned it's going
to be really great and even my goose
gets inside we're like a variety
informational gumbo right as we are
singing our almost like right now yeah
they're not overeat oh you know the
combination burrito since we're anyway
so we're here to basically talk to you
all in each other about everything we
are the gray area we are not politically
correct or politically incorrect good
point ember yes this is why she's here
okay inner inner interjection this is
our disclaimer to everybody if you are
something like a prude or on toilet
humor and sex bothers you that sucks it
sucks for you but this also we have to
tell you you pi don't want to watch or
you might want to watch annotate on us
we have a bad feedback your child and
I'm watching but don't bring your kids
if your kids aren't already in the world
like you know out there okay so this is
the disclaimer don't get mad at us get
mad at your choices exactly and yeah
ding that means one agree okay if we
good dynamics nobody's confused when we
all agree just amazing ding ding
pounding happy d
if you want to see your swimsuits you
want your spa place to be where we go
hit us up we won't think I definitely
definitely take all offers you can hit
us up at pound bass staff on Twitter
mm-hmm also you can hit us up on
Facebook you can look me up CC fire we
have our individual ones will link it
all together and we go over technical
love a bladder who cares yeah no
facebook then you will find us just look
us up under fast staff I swear back
staff we're probably the only ones today
okay yeah wait till tomorrow tomorrow
don't be a bunch of entertainers but
never originated here Pete hi